well howdy there and enough people let's
bow again so I want to start off by
giving Trump credit where credit is due
he did sign the first-step Act then what
happened so he watched the news again
and felt personally attacked by it again
and took to Twitter again lashing out at
people again making himself a national
embarrassment again that's what happened
he did not feel like he was given the
credit he deserves we're gonna make sure
he gets that credit today right now
he signed the first-step Act he did what
was the first step act a first step a
first step a small first step when we're
talking about the scale of the problem
this was a small first step was
certainly not a giant leap for mankind
when it comes to criminal justice reform
it was a tiny piece of legislation in
the grand scheme of things now make no
mistake those people directly impacted
by it it was pretty important to them
but overall this was a band-aid on a
bullet wound what's it cost three
hundred seventy five million dollars
over the next five years to be put out
75 million dollars a year
how much was allocated to it in Trump's
budget 14 so he passed a first step Act
signed it signed it into law he did and
then his budget made certain it would
fail you can have credit for that if you
would like the scope of the problem is
huge we have 2.2 million people in
America's prisons and jails we have the
highest incarceration rate on the planet
if you were born after 2001 you stand a
little bit better of a 10% chance of
getting locked up there in the course of
your life if you're a man and that
varies widely by race if you are black
you stand a
almost 33% chance none of this
legislation and none of Trump's
legislation in general has done anything
to address the root causes of all of
this nothing nothing
so at the end of the day the legislation
to start with was a band-aid on a bullet
wound it wasn't a crowning achievement
of anything it was a band-aid on a
bullet wound and then he underfunded it
and poked a hole in the band-aid and he
wants credit for that he wants to be
heralded for that you want a
participation trophy is what you want
you showed up you did the minimal you
fix anything
but just like the spoiled little kid you
are you're crying out that you weren't
recognized fine
there's your recognition that's what you
did at the end of the day you've done
nothing other than increase
militarization of police across this
country increase the police state expand
the network of incarceration centers
across this country and help the
lobbyists from those industries the
industry of profiting off of human
suffering
you've helped expand that's what you've
done for criminal justice reform oh and
you signed a bill and that didn't fund
it yeah you're a real hero dude anyway
it's just a thought they'll have a good
day